com/example/MovieDB/fragment/FavoriteFragment.java
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.FavoriteFragment
com/example/MovieDB/fragment/MovieDetailFragment.java
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.MovieDetailFragment
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.MovieDetailFragment$1
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.MovieDetailFragment$2
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.MovieDetailFragment$3
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.MovieDetailFragment$4
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.MovieDetailFragment$5
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.MovieDetailFragment$CastAsyncTask
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.MovieDetailFragment$CastAsyncTask$HttpCallback
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.MovieDetailFragment$ReviewAsyncTask
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.MovieDetailFragment$ReviewAsyncTask$HttpCallback
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.MovieDetailFragment$TrailerAsyncTask
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.MovieDetailFragment$TrailerAsyncTask$HttpCallback
com/example/MovieDB/data/Cast.java
 com.example.MovieDB.data.Cast
com/example/MovieDB/adapter/MovieListAdapter.java
 com.example.MovieDB.adapter.MovieListAdapter
 com.example.MovieDB.adapter.MovieListAdapter$1
 com.example.MovieDB.adapter.MovieListAdapter$RecyclerViewHolders
com/example/MovieDB/data/Review.java
 com.example.MovieDB.data.Review
com/example/MovieDB/fragment/RecommendFragment.java
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.RecommendFragment
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.RecommendFragment$1
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.RecommendFragment$2
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.RecommendFragment$2$1
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.RecommendFragment$MyAsyncTask
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.RecommendFragment$MyAsyncTask$HttpCallback
com/example/MovieDB/fragment/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.HomeFragment
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.HomeFragment$1
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.HomeFragment$2
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.HomeFragment$2$1
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.HomeFragment$MyAsyncTask
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.HomeFragment$MyAsyncTask$HttpCallback
com/example/MovieDB/fragment/ActorDetailFragment.java
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.ActorDetailFragment
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.ActorDetailFragment$1
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.ActorDetailFragment$CastAsyncTask
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.ActorDetailFragment$CastAsyncTask$HttpCallback
com/example/MovieDB/data/Trailer.java
 com.example.MovieDB.data.Trailer
com/example/MovieDB/fragment/MapFragment.java
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.MapFragment
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.MapFragment$1
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.MapFragment$2
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.MapFragment$3
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.MapFragment$ProductDBHelper
com/example/MovieDB/adapter/CastListAdapter.java
 com.example.MovieDB.adapter.CastListAdapter
 com.example.MovieDB.adapter.CastListAdapter$1
 com.example.MovieDB.adapter.CastListAdapter$RecyclerViewHolders
com/example/MovieDB/adapter/ReviewsAdapter.java
 com.example.MovieDB.adapter.ReviewsAdapter
 com.example.MovieDB.adapter.ReviewsAdapter$1
 com.example.MovieDB.adapter.ReviewsAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/MovieDB/fragment/SearchFragment.java
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.SearchFragment
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.SearchFragment$1
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.SearchFragment$2
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.SearchFragment$2$1
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.SearchFragment$MyAsyncTask
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.SearchFragment$MyAsyncTask$HttpCallback
com/example/MovieDB/database/FavoriteDBHelper.java
 com.example.MovieDB.database.FavoriteDBHelper
com/example/MovieDB/data/Movie.java
 com.example.MovieDB.data.Movie
com/example/MovieDB/data/Api.java
 com.example.MovieDB.data.Api
com/example/MovieDB/adapter/TrailersAdapter.java
 com.example.MovieDB.adapter.TrailersAdapter
 com.example.MovieDB.adapter.TrailersAdapter$RecyclerViewHolders
 com.example.MovieDB.adapter.TrailersAdapter$RecyclerViewHolders$1
com/example/MovieDB/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.MovieDB.BuildConfig
com/example/MovieDB/fragment/SearchActorFragment.java
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.SearchActorFragment
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.SearchActorFragment$1
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.SearchActorFragment$2
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.SearchActorFragment$2$1
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.SearchActorFragment$MyAsyncTask
 com.example.MovieDB.fragment.SearchActorFragment$MyAsyncTask$HttpCallback
com/example/MovieDB/database/FavoriteContract.java
 com.example.MovieDB.database.FavoriteContract
 com.example.MovieDB.database.FavoriteContract$FavoriteEntry
com/example/MovieDB/adapter/CastAdapter.java
 com.example.MovieDB.adapter.CastAdapter
 com.example.MovieDB.adapter.CastAdapter$1
 com.example.MovieDB.adapter.CastAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/MovieDB/MainActivity.java
 com.example.MovieDB.MainActivity
 com.example.MovieDB.MainActivity$1
 com.example.MovieDB.MainActivity$2
 com.example.MovieDB.MainActivity$3
 com.example.MovieDB.MainActivity$4
 com.example.MovieDB.MainActivity$5
